Nicholas Folarin-Coker  0:00  
Oh, yeah, yeah, it

looks like it's working now.

Timilehin Tikolo  0:11  
Fantastic. I

Nicholas Folarin-Coker  0:20  
it. This is one sharing my screen. Yeah, will

it not be more confusing? Cannot make one that's just the questions. No, then I can make it quickly, one that's like just the questions, because I guess she's her seeing all the content.

Timilehin Tikolo  1:10  
Yeah, but it is super Popular. I can Do that. I

Nicholas Folarin-Coker  2:13  
yeah, I would, I would share my screen, but I have so many things open right now. Okay, I've just pasted the link in the chat Here. I

Ijeoma Arum  3:01  
All right, Timmy, I'm with you.

Timilehin Tikolo  3:03  
Hi, Gemma, perfect, right? Ijeoma, can you hear me clearly? Just so that we can, just to be sure, where

Ijeoma Arum  3:13  
would you say? Say that again. I was

Timilehin Tikolo  3:14  
just saying. I was just asking, can you hear me clearly? Yep. Okay, perfect. So I mean, thank you first of all for joining this interview. It's literally like 35 minutes max. I would imagine it would take maybe 40, if you push it. But I've got pintola on the call as well, who's working on this project with me, and essentially, we are trying to build a retail sales training platform that is specifically targeted to retailers and sort of developing economies of Nigeria. So obviously, you've been one of the key retail, retail leaders in Nigeria. We thought it would be great to sort of interview just to ensure that the pain points that we see and we feel are the pain points that exist there are the actual problems that exist and are not just like working out of what we think is the issue. So we're doing these sort of quick interviews with, obviously, all the leaders that we can get hold of to just kind of sense, check and pull the thoughts on what you think would be relevant to incorporating this training module, how we deliver the module, and just, yeah, really, just try and get your your thoughts and insights. So that's really what we're doing today. Shouldn't take too much of your time. So I'll just, I'll just kind of get into it, and then obviously, at any point, you know, just, please feel free to answer and just to go into the first question we have, really, is, what are the most common skill gaps you observe in your frontline retail staff today,

Ijeoma Arum  4:58  
customer service, product knowledge.

I would, I think if you're talking about stores, I can go into a few things, but I think I would, I would start with those two, right? So being able to provide adequate customer service, knowing what good customer service looks like. You know, being proactive, following up, I would also say product knowledge. I've witnessed three instances where, and you know, customers are asking about specific information of a product and the the customer service rep that they're talking to, or the sales person that they're talking to is not really well versed in that, and I would probably go a little further to take that and kind of add it to like sales skills and being able to like close a deal, and being able To like connect the dots. So again, if a cus, if a customer is looking for certain features in a product, or looking for something that fits a certain need, I'm going to an event. And you know, you don't one, you can't really explain the benefits of a given product very well. And two, even if you don't have what they want, you don't know how to kind of, like, guide them to something else, you know. So I've seen people, for example, say the customer will be like, Oh, I'll be back, you know, which we know is kind of like a polite way to excuse yourself. And more than everything, I come back and they'll say, oh, you know, the salesperson will be like, okay, you know. And like, it's like that person is not coming down. So, you know, like that was kind of a missed opportunity. I would probably again, just like, when I say, like, overall customer service, product knowledge, and then again, I would call like sales skills, like being able to, like, sell people and get them to buy things, if that makes sense,

Timilehin Tikolo  7:02  
yeah, no, that makes that makes a lot of sense. And the next question on that is, really, what key behaviours or competencies do you want to see consistently across services? So you've already spoken about some sort of like being able to close and being able to follow up. I guess that's a key behaviour you'd like to see. Are there other things at all that you'd like to see, you know, more consistently in the stores,

Ijeoma Arum  7:30  
specifically from the sales people, or from, like, the store environment, or from what perspective,

Timilehin Tikolo  7:35  
specifically from the sales people, so sort of like your frontline store managers, and how they sort of the customer facing guys in your team on the software,

Ijeoma Arum  7:46  
just the level of enthusiasm. And, you know, it's hard in Nigeria in a lot of places where people can you hear me, it's hard in Nigeria in a lot of places, because I think people are just trying to get jobs. But I really think it would be ideal if people could get jobs that are good and suited for them. You know what I mean? Because you find people where it's like, I think there needs to be a level of enthusiasm and like, a level of like, interest and proactiveness when it comes to like, engaging customers. And, you know, sometimes people are there just for the sake of being there because they need a chat. Sometimes people, you know, are frustrated because their commute is very long, you know, and therefore they're already like in, you know, not the best mood, and it it's an idealistic perspective to say like people being matched to like their skills and to their interest. I think someone who's more pleasant, someone who's friendly, even if you don't know all the things about the products, is more effective than someone who's just there, kind of going through the motions, if that makes sense. Yeah, yeah. I agree.

Timilehin Tikolo  9:01  
I know we're just kind of looking at so one of the things on this module, with this training we're looking at is getting store managers involved in assessments, sort of more frequently. But to understand that, we also need to understand that basically how confident you are that your store managers will be able to evaluate people objectively, because that's obviously one of the challenges, putting all this responsibility on the managers, so sort of on a scale of one to 10, how confident are you that These managers can objectively appraise performance?

Ijeoma Arum  9:41  
Six, I think there's a few things right. I I think from my observations, even in my current organisation and Jumia and some prior places I've been, we don't always do the best job of training people, right? I think people get into jobs, particularly like management, sometimes out of necessity, sometimes you're the strongest performer, so you just get promoted. But there's not a lot of training around like how to be a good manager, how to assess people, how to give constructive feedback, how to balance the dynamic between wanting to be liked and wanting to be effective as a manager or wanting to be respected. You know, sometimes I think it's used a little too much to people wanting to be liked, and therefore they don't do also do I feel like, generally speaking, people should have the ability to be to be objective and give constructive feedback. And yes, do I feel confident that they have that currently, no, not so much. But I don't necessarily know. I wouldn't go as far as that. It's a reflection of the talent themselves, and you know, them not having the capacity, or them not being smart enough to do it as much as it's potentially or equally as so a function of not training people properly on how to be managers, if that makes sense.

Timilehin Tikolo  11:08  
Yeah, no, I get what you're saying. So I mean that I feel like what you said. Also, this leads into the next question, which was about, like, obviously you said it's six and was more around, like the biggest concerns, but it also, it also already sounds like it's it's just like a lack of skills slash training on how to evaluate properly, more than anything, from your viewpoint. But do you think there will be other things in terms of, like, maybe personal biases, or you think that all these other options are sort of secondary to just not even having the skills.

Ijeoma Arum  11:43  
No, I think personal bias always existed. But I think personal bias exists in every job, in every role, in every geography. You know what I mean. So I don't think that that is unique to this market or the skill level of people that we're dealing with, I think the best you can do to offset or negate the personal bias is through trainings, right? So things like, for example, I've gone through trainings where they would talk about, like, as you're going through assessments, things to keep in mind of, for example, like recency bias, like, Oh, I'm thinking, and I'm making my assessment of them based on the last few weeks, because they've been doing a good job the last few weeks, but over the course of the entire period, whether it be the last six months or year, they've actually not been that consistent, or all these other biases, again, like some people being friends, you know, I've been in Nigeria is an interesting place to me, because to me, it's very much a culture that's your advancement is very clearly dependent on like relationships. I think in other places, even though doubt is still probably true, they try to make it a bit more nuanced, and it's not as clear. So you know, for example, in Nigeria, I see people kind of hanging out across levels. So the manager is hanging out with the junior people or the people that report to them. That's a little foreign So, but that's a cultural thing, and if I'm thinking about it from the perspective of people who have been promoted, and this is my peer group, and I'm their manager, technically, you should separate yourself from them, but realistically, some of those people are probably your friends still, and, you know, maybe you take the bus together, or whatever the case may be. So do I think the biases? Yes, do I think you can train people a bit to reduce some of the bias? Yes, do I think you'll eliminate it completely? No, but I think that's for everywhere.

Timilehin Tikolo  13:42  
No. That's fair. Just one thing also we're looking at when we're trying to build this brain, something about this training, especially for a business like yours that has stores outside Nico, we know that there's situations that come up where people get into positions is out of convenience, like, if someone, let's say, in a store and let's profile leaves today and there's a manager, there's a tendency to just move the next person out to fold the vacancy, rather than because, again, maybe the pool out there is smaller the time to recruit someone's longer. But as in Lagos, it's probably multiple stores you could draft as a manager from one sort or another kind of keep their consistency in the business. So over time, if that has happened to you, I don't know if it has, but if that's what you've experienced as well, do you then find yourself in a position where you are more sort of trusting of your labour space managers almost more like of the remote satellite ones, just in terms of their ability to handle an assessment, because maybe they are actually more management or managerial level than people who have just assumed that position based on convenience. Personally,

Ijeoma Arum  14:59  
no, I could see how people could do that. I've actually observed things in the Lagos based staff that shows some weaknesses in comparison to other markets, right or other regions, I should say so. For example, like if you're in ICAO City Mall, you're in some of these, like high traffic places, you don't have to work as hard, like the sales and the performance will come naturally. And if you're in some of these other places where the traffic isn't quite there, or, you know, again, the talent pool is smaller, some of the challenges that you mentioned, you actually have to be a little bit more skilled. You have to be a little bit more hands on. So I think it's on a case by case basis. Like I have a very strong manager in a Bucha where I feel like I, you know, I could put him against like the store manager in VI as far as skill goes, I also think some of it may be a function of us as leaders, right? Like, how often do I get to Port Harcourt to really assess that, really to have an opportunity to work with them? So some of it may be, yeah, there the pool again, may be smaller all of the things you're saying, which I think is true. Like, obviously Lagos is a very concentrated city, so you have more people in general, but I think you again, I think it's case by case personally, and I also think some of it is like, how often are we as their leaders, you know, investing in them and pouring them and providing them the same resources or visibility or support that the Lego stores get like, you know, is it the VI store or the circle mall store or whatever store in Lagos, much more than they are kind of getting conditioned to operate at a higher level versus like you never, or you very rarely, visit the Port Harcourt store, yeah.

Timilehin Tikolo  17:00  
So we were also thinking about around what you just mentioned, and we then started brainstorming, probably doing, like a multi factor assessment based thing where it's like the manager, especially in location, where you already identify the manager as maybe not being great at assessment right or up to the level. Then we do a most faculty thing, where the manager assesses, but then there's also someone, say, for example, there's an area manager, I don't know, like someone in HR that's focused on performance management somehow, like we get a third person, basically, to then review what manager has done and also objectively, or some objectively, assess this person. Do you think that would other people? Do you think that would help, like, add adding another layer of authentication, especially for, I guess, stores that you know, the managers aren't quite as objective? Do you think that would help address some of these concerns on

Ijeoma Arum  18:01  
so specifically, adding like another layer of is it assessment or another layer of training,

Timilehin Tikolo  18:08  
assessment? So So, for example, we if we did something where these sales associates have to do short tests or whatever for understanding every month, an example, and then the manager on site has to verify that the understanding so they probably, for example, potentially role play in front of the manager, and the manager scores them. Obviously, we fear that the manager may not be skilled enough in assessment or even bias or whatever. And so when we get a third person, someone else. So it could be an operations manager, area manager, or HR that is focused on performance management, someone else to then come in and essentially double verify that process and also objectively grade. Do you think that would help, like, reduce, some of the, I guess, the error rates,

Ijeoma Arum  19:04  
yeah. I mean, we do something like that now. I think it's the equivalent of, like, having exams in school, right? Like, to the extent that your professor tells you to read chapters one through three and there's no exam or quiz, you may read it, you may not read it. You may read it, but read it passively and not really be focused on what you're reading and trying to attain the information or retain the information. Whereas, if you know there's a quiz, then you may be more proactive, right? You're taking notes, you're making sure that you get the reading done, things like that. So I think that adding in another level of assessment, whether it be done by HR or the area manager or whomever, to kind of test routinely on certain skills. Do I help? Yes, as long as there is a consequence. So I think doing the assessment, and that's something even me as a leader, I'm, I don't want to say struggling with, but, like, I'm trying to apply in Nigeria, right? Like, Nigeria, to me, more than other places I've been is very much a by fire, by force, kind of place where, like, won't do it just because you tell them to do it. They won't do it because it's necessarily the right thing. It's like they have to do it by force. And I'm generalising, some people will do it, some people will wait until there's a consequence and then do it, which is very disappointing, but you know that that's the nature of things. So I think it's not enough to just have the quiz. I think there needs to be some sort of penalty, like, if you score, you know, less than 75 on the quiz, you know at three times, you're going to be released, or, you know, if you score below 50 on any given occasion, you're going to be given a write up, because that shows that you're not taking your training and things Seriously.

Timilehin Tikolo  21:01  
Yeah, I think that's a good feedback. So one of the next on the next question was really around the metrics that matter most of businesses I know further down discussion, those are things like that, measure ROI and almost overlap to discussion a bit. Well, I don't know if you can see on my screen, you've got things like basket size, conversion rate, I mean, one or two of these that really would like, sort of stick out to you in terms of wishing what matters most to your business. But also, I guess, what you'd like to see any training impact on your business. As well.

Ijeoma Arum  21:43  
Conversion Rate is always high for me because I you can't take I can't take raw score, like raw revenue or raw traffic, because, again, that's a function of like the location, the mall itself, things like that that are outside of people's control. When I'm trying to assess a store and the people in the store, I'm looking for factors that will indicate how good the people are. So when I think about conversion rate, irrespective of your traffic, how good are you at converting those people into sales, right? So basket size is nice, but again, basket size is a function of, like, willingness to pay and how affluent people are in the area and things, yeah, kind of like outside of your control. You can be a really good salesperson and they can't afford it, and it's just customer satisfaction. Also very high upselling success rate. I'm not sure how that would be measured. The other thing I would add to this is kind of what you just mentioned, which is, like, this training test score. So like, what is the average not training? Sorry, this quiz test scores, average score of people in that location, and then staff retention rates, is important. Obviously, you want people to feel like they have a future. I think it's really important to kind of like, show that there's a path and you don't have to leave. Or like, Okay, now that you finished uni, now you have to go get a real job, you know? So I think that retention aspect is important. But I also know I think people in this market are disloyal because times are hard and they need money. So they may like the job and things about it, but I need more money, practically speaking, to help my family, so I'm leaving so that one is a little bit I think it's important, but I think sometimes it has to be taken with a grain

Timilehin Tikolo  23:41  
of salt. I think in any training that you've overseen, managing businesses Nigeria that you thought was actually quite effective, like, maybe now it impacted behaviour or anything like that. Like, was there anyone that maybe you could like, think back on and share with us.

Ijeoma Arum  24:03  
I mean, we storage training. Being very honest with you, I'm not involved. They do trainings with the different brand teams. Timmy, you're familiar with our business model, so like our teams have to interact with the brand teams. One thing I really tried to emphasise, though, is getting the store teams in particular, more integrated in these buy sessions or sell ins. Because I feel like when I was a buyer, I would go to these, like large selling meetings. To me, you're again, you're familiar, you travel. It's two, three days they walk through the product line, the story. This is the inspiration. These are the key products, all of that. And then you the expectation is I would have to go back, and then I would have to train or on that information to others. So it would be my sales team, marketing people, like different people who aren't in those meetings that I haven't seen that happen here. It could be a function of my organisation and a gap there, or just again, in general. So I think, like, I don't know that they're formalised trainings, but to the extent that I could get a couple representatives, even virtually involved in some of those selling sessions, helps people. And then I put together like assessment, where you know they have to it forces them to be proactive and mentally engaged, to take away information. Expectation is that they are now going to become like train the trainers like you now go and train the rest of the store managers are on which you learn, and store managers are expected to pass that on again, because I've mentioned that I feel like people don't have adequate product knowledge. So that's something I've tried to do, and just encourage more interaction with when there's these sessions with these brands, to include the storage teams and customer service teams too. Because, you know, we have the E commerce team, and I think customer service is left out, they're not thought about. And it's like a lot of people, when they're trying to buy out e com, or they want to do an exchange, customer services overlook the most and they know the least. And then, as it relates to other training that I recently did, a manager training with the team that I thought was effective, at least from the perspective of the moderator and some of the lessons he tried to apply, really in terms of like opening this two day session and allowing people to vent on everything that they think that's wrong. And that kind of exercise becomes very much a bit like you, you you or the organisation, or, you know, a lot of finger pointing, and then over the course of two days, trying to get people to create a level of awareness and accountability on how they as managers are impacting the output. So it's not just like these things are happening to me, and woe is me and I have no control, but more of these are things that are happening within the organisation. Are you again attuned enough to understand, like, why these things are happening? Are you asking questions, or are you kind of just doing your day to day and not really showing that level of involvement, and then coming back to, like, the organisation when something happens that you're you don't understand, whereas you should have actually understood why it was happening. So I think those are the two things that I've tried to implement

Timilehin Tikolo  27:31  
that I would call out a lot, a lot, I think also, obviously, on the next session as well, We're talking about, really, how we assess and almost sorry,

Ijeoma Arum  28:09  
Timmy, just give me a second. Can you give me like a five minute Break? You

Nicholas Folarin-Coker  0:15  
Okay, see if this is Working. Yep, it's working. I

Unknown Speaker  0:25  
I Think

Ijeoma Arum  0:00  
Um, whether it be from a customer service standpoint, whether it be from like, an operational standpoint, and, you know, people being reluctant to change. So I think to have a service where, like, hey, I can contact these, this company, and they can come out quarterly, and they can do some of these trainings as it relates to, like, soft skills. And specifically, I think that that would be valuable,

Timilehin Tikolo  0:23  
yeah, I mean, just I bit from the question, just to explain it even exactly, because obviously, like, you know you're wondering, I'm just gonna explain to you exactly what, what we're thinking. And obviously you can also, like that advice. So it's essentially what you said, where we come in, but it's like one of the things is we're trying to do almost like a mobile led training thing, where we we essentially have the sales people constantly learning so be let me, just for the sake of simplifying it, let's call that right that has 10 minute long videos, and we can essentially say, in a month, you know, these five videos representing five modules or whatever, need to be watched, right? And they need to be assessed. Now, it's only self paced in that in the course of the month, it's only essentially 15 minutes in total, right? So you could decide to watch it all in space of an hour. You can decide to watch a weekly it's your business. Just make sure it's done before the end of the month, because the manager is then gonna basically decide on a day or two days in a month where they will do the assessment. So it could be like the second Wednesday and the final Wednesday, like the store manager has the control on, you know, how they would assess. But essentially, then they'll come to the assessment days, which would be, you know, in the first hour of the days they're not really affecting the sales day, it'll just be like the hour before the story, can you come in, you have already submitted and done your basic assessments, like a quick test on your phone or whatever, and you've sort of certified on your end that you've you understood that and ticked it off. But then the manager you can't actually move forward until the manager finally approves that you've shown that yes, you know satisfactory knowledge or understanding. And the way you would display that is, then you come to this training days in your store and sort of role play, and you know, you know, reenact what you've seen or whatever to prove understanding. And once a manager understand satisfied that you know enough, then take it through, and you can go to the next sort of the next stage. And so would have is partly self paced, but there's also that cohort aspect to it as well, because at the end of the day, you're moving as a cohort through through the training. And obviously we know that we spend time training people we know, like bringing them into conference rooms, taking them out of the store. There's so many challenges with all of those, and that's why we decided to make it sort of like mobile first, and with obviously the physical side. And then what we've now tried to where we're looking at growing with it is essentially building this out into something that actually really standardises the industry. So we want to get to a point where it's like a manager so at any level, whether it's in brand called Smart market structure or whatever needs to have a minimum level of certification. For example, the maintenance has been a level eight, meaning that if you're hiring anyone in the industry from wherever the person is like, well, this is like some sort of standardisation that we know this person has demonstrated this level of knowledge and understanding, and it is the standard in the industry. We're not gonna just get someone in that's just going to talk his way into being a manager, saying he was a manager in our structure, even though he wasn't, you know, I mean, I wasn't even at this right skill level. So that's really what we're trying to do, like build this thing out where it's like, we will use managers to assess frequently, and then we can then build out the standardisation of the industry. But there's a third aspect we're adding on, which is because we know managers aren't the greatest, and they know not every manager is going to be fair, like we said, or going to be even adequately skilled, we are thinking of doing twice, so like biannual cohort examination. So everyone that's done everything across all the retail stores that we manage or support or whatever, in the first six months of the year will have like an examination. And then so that, while your managers have done has helped you. Yes, you've been doing tests every month, but like at the six month mark, you're gonna do a test that we would then objectively grade so that we know the standard of the industry like this is where everyone is. Everyone at this level got like 70% if your team in this company is at 30% and obviously your managers are doing a bad job of actually making each other people understand these and they just taking completion, but they're not actually like developing versus the rate the industry is moving up. And it's that level of synergies, standardisation that we're trying to, you know, build out with this with this training. I mean, that's, yeah, that's why, that's really what we're trying to do. I don't know if you if it's a big carer. Well, that's what we were trying to

Ijeoma Arum  5:44  
do. Yeah, it is clear, and it's nice. So, you know, well done to you. It's ambitious, because you're trying to regulate it like you're the way I understand what you're saying is like you are trying or to feel the regulatory body for retail, like retail, right? So it's like when you say, if you don't have a score of eight as determined by this particular company, then rise, or at least you don't have that stamp of approval that you're yes be a manager. I think it does do provide a lot of it does require so a lot of trust in your organisation and in the not only ability of you all to do this work, but also in your objectivity. Because, you know, is it? Oh, well, Tim, he's friends with so and so. So, you know, they're getting hired for, like, it really, really requires you to be very objective and to build the trust of these organisations, like, the value of the work. So in that sense, if you're going back here, like, if I'm paying now the company, and sorry, is Forge. The name of the company is, yeah, yeah, I'm paying Forge. Like, and we're doing these trainings, I expect to see an overall lift, an increase in my sales, yes. So this is where sales, then does become important, whereas, again, when I'm assessing like individual stores to control for all these different factors that are outside of their control, I look at a conversion and some of these other things for forge I wouldn't like, what is my return on investment? Right? So I'm spending, just, are my customers satisfaction words going up, like the CSAT, are my sales essentially going up, both in, you know, items and also in value. So, you know, the upselling and all these like Nuance wheels. So it's quite ambient. I think it's quite needed. And again, it relies on trust. Like, I think, like a couple of the big ones, and you know, these big franchising distributors, whatever you want to call them, but like these retail operators, like, buy in and to, like, go with you along the journey, then that can help set the standard. What I would also be interested to see, maybe not in this view, but in like a future iteration, is like, I think a lot of the retail sometimes is like apparel and, you know, footwear and in that particular segment or category. But when you go into I always complain about going to Renee. They hire a lot of staff. That is not, they don't, they don't have, like, a secondary school education, so they don't speak, I don't want to say they don't speak good English, like, like, proper English, so you'll be looking for something, and they because they don't speak English. And I don't want to say that, to have a secondary school education equated to speaking English, because we're not saying smart and not just speak English. But long story short, they, they don't hire people English. So like that, when you think about again, service and things like that. Like, I It annoys me when I go to Rene's because of that. Like, I would rather go to Prince Evan, no, because I know the people there speak English, and they can help me find something if I'm looking for it. So I think there's potentially an opportunity if you're really trying to do all of retail, like, how do you take these and apply them? Like the FMCG space, where there's a lot more and or maybe, or even to understand if those types of retailers care about this, and do they want it, or is it like, well, people are buying so they're gonna buy their groceries, whether we have people who have

Speaker 1  9:50  
good regardless, yeah, yeah, yeah, no, you're right. I mean, for

Timilehin Tikolo  9:56  
us, it's like the way we mark the doctors. Let me see, we're sort of fashion. Week. So simply, one is what like, obviously, I'm very familiar with but two, it's like, it's small enough that it allows us sort of iterate and refine the model. And, you know, see essentially how we can get it to this model that is easy to scale. And then from there, we have marked out hospitality, actually first before, like, you go to restaurants as well, which also command a bit of money,

Unknown Speaker  10:30  
yeah,

Ijeoma Arum  10:33  
but yeah, I think the challenge of restaurants again is like you're almost combating this cultural dynamic in Nigeria where people will not say that they don't know. You know. Like, I always go back to this example of when I was at the steakhouse last year, a year and a half ago, and like, I try to avoid eating beef. So I asked them, like, hey, does this have beef in it? And the guy was like, No. And I was like, Are you sure? Because it was lasagna. So the way lasagna is typically made has beef, but they can make I was like, Are you sure? And it was like, and I had to say to him, like, because if I order this and it comes out with beef. Not only am I going to be pissed because you told me you didn't and I'm hungry, you also wasted my time. So I'd rather you just go and ask and be sure what you're telling me, rather than guessing. And he was like, okay, and then he went to go and ask, and then sure enough, he comes back. Does it have beef? Yes. Like, what's today, Sunday, Friday, I was out. Like, same thing where it's like, there's just, like, a lack of education. And like, you know, ordered a drink and like,

Timilehin Tikolo  11:54  
the guy the

Ijeoma Arum  11:55  
waitress didn't understand. And I'm like, ladies, just write down what I'm saying, like, and just take it to the park, and then, like, I have to understand. Fine. She doesn't understand. I get up and I walk to the because I was like a lounge place. So I get up and I walk to the bartender myself, and I go talk to the bartender. Can you make me this? He says, okay, and I'm ordering a gin and basil. To me, I'm not ordering like a super extravagant whatever. Yeah. Ordered gin and basil specifically, because it's like a traditional drink to me, it's like, entry level, like, if you're a standard bartender, you should know how to make certain things and you know. So I ordered basil. The bartender's like, Okay, I leave, I go and sit down. The waitress comes back, maybe 1015, minutes later, oh, we don't have that drink. The confusion. We're like, Do you not have gin? Like, what do you not have? Like, I had told her that they could make it with mint, and they had brought out mojitos. I saw that they already had mint because, yeah, confusion, confusion, the bartender has to come out. I was like, What did I order from you? Because they brought me, they ended up bringing me a shot. That's what happened. Then they brought me a shot of gin. And I was like, I didn't order a shot of gin. And I was like, can you tell me what I ordered? And he's like, Well, I didn't quite understand what you wanted. And I was like, Are you a trained bartender? Like, have you gone to like, I don't know if this exists in Nigeria. Exists in Nigeria, right, but like, at least in the US, I don't know. I don't know that there's

Timilehin Tikolo  13:28  
bartenders. I was like, Are you like

Ijeoma Arum  13:30  
a trained bartender, or are you like someone that you used to be the the waiter, and now they just put you behind the bar and you just pour what they tell you to pour. And he's like, Yeah, I'm trained. And I'm like, you can't be trained, and we don't know how to make a gin and basil, like, so then it's just like shenanigans, to the extent that my friend had to go on YouTube and pull up the YouTube video and, like, all these things, and it's like, restaurants, terrible, terrible, terrible, like, so I don't know. I think that's a bigger lift and a much larger endeavour than even the retail stores that you're referring to, because it's just like, yeah, yeah. I mean, it could be good from the perspective of, like, a consistent flow of business, because you go to these Lebanese people who've invested a lot of money, and they're going to want a certain level of a certain level of service to be provided. So I think it shows that there's value. You'll, for sure, have an audience and things for people that want but I feel like, man, these people be messing up. And like, it's the problem. And I also think you could argue, how do you show your value in that type of setting? Because, again, I'm going to get a drink. I may have to yell at the lady or but I'm going to get the drink. It's more just around the ease of everything, and that may not be viable. And like sales and upselling, you know what I mean?

Timilehin Tikolo  15:02  
Yes, yes. And conversion and stuff like that. Yeah, exactly

Ijeoma Arum  15:07  
like a lot of the metrics. I don't know how you would, you would do it, because, again, I think CSAT would probably be the best, because it's really based on, like this, like, if I we didn't tip the lady, because we were so annoyed, you know. And it's like, typically, I always try to sit, but sometimes, like, you guys are not doing the right thing. I'm sorry, you know. But again, like, most of the time, like, we're going to eat regardless, you know. So you can, I don't think you can do it on like, typical ROI like you would do in other settings.

Timilehin Tikolo  15:43  
Yeah, no, I agree that. I mean that one is, like, we know as well, like we know that there's a lot more businesses, obviously, than, like, fashion, formal, fashion retail players. But like I said, in retail just allows us really, like, test the model, refine it, see how user friendly everything is, like, even, like you said, some of the trust as well. Obviously, the intention isn't for like, any one of us, like me, or whoever you know is on our side, like to be the ones grading. We're actually trying to build this model that AI does the grading so things like that. But again, that means a little iteration and refinement. But just to try and get it, like, to a level of objectivity and like, where it's like, it's agnostic of who you are. It's not about reaching this person or that person. You go on an exam in six months, and it's something that we're like, trying to borrow from, almost like consulting. But, you know, like, at least in the UK, and I think it's the same in America as well, when the UK, like, you know, like, if you work in PwC, you have these exams, like, like, every quarter, or something like that. And you're like, always learning, and you're always reading and you're always trying to get and it's almost like, how can we get those associated, for example, as a staff, store managers, to get into that mode where they know I'm gonna be great at I have an exam in denim as long so I need to be conscious of what I'm doing. It's gonna all roll into my appraisal or whatever, and if I fail my six months, my exam at the end of six months, you know, then there's like, you said, there's some sort of penalty that the business would agree to roll out, and then it's like, we're now getting them to change their mindset and actually pay attention to these things. Because, like, at least in my experience, like what we've seen with, like, actually, for example, or even when I was in small amount, because we do these trainings, but then there's no real follow up. Like, we're not giving them exams after, we're not really testing them. We don't even know in a year after the training. Like, how much has been impacted with that training probably like to invest in, like a training, get a trainer that's going to collect, like, a couple million an hour, come over two days, get food, get refreshments, get, you know, I mean, it's just like this investment in, almost like a vanity exercise, like what we're doing training, but like, What's really getting impacted as a result,

Ijeoma Arum  18:21  
yeah, I think, and it's difficult. Like you said, I was pissed off two weeks ago when I did this manager training, because, like, you know, some of the managers who are physically in Lagos weren't physically in the room, you know, because they're half doing work, you know. And I had to talk to HR about it, and I was like, if you would have known that these people weren't going to be participating because they're only, again, giving their 50% then we should have just moved the day today that was more accommodating. This is an investment, and you want to see it. And it's like, again, it's very nuanced, and it's how they interact with their staffs, you know, stuff like that. And it's like, again, if you're hoping it's going to get better, but it may not get better, you're hoping that they're going to be able to take the skills away. It may not like, even again, the moderator at the end of this, the second day, I talked to him, and I was like, it would be good for us to figure out, like, what a refresher of this looks like, because I don't think, especially when you're talking about to managers, about managing and I think there needs to be a way to figure out, how do You do it in a way that it is ongoing, you know, and they're, they're continuing to improve. But, yeah, I mean, it's challenging and it's difficult, and, like, it's something like, I think it's highly, highly needed here Nigeria is just hard, being hard. And like, you know, I was talking to someone, you know, a solid party, and you know, we were talking about opportunity. Nigeria is a great place to be because there's opportunity, and the market isn't as developed. But Nigeria is also very difficult to be easy in other markets. It's not easy here. Um, yeah, and you have to now develop like a whole, you have to stand up like a whole nother organisation or something that you wouldn't have in other places. Yes, I think to the extent like again, I do think it's a service that's valuable and needed. I think to the extent that you can find the businesses and the companies that care. Again, like, I hate to talk Lebanese people, because I actually feel like it's a shame and a bad reflection on Nigerians that like Lebanese people have come Elevate, like, at least the restaurant industry. Let me just say that, you know, give them, but like, I think they care. So like, those people will care about, like the standard and the level of service. And I think to the extent that you can find in this, like retail segment, the people who care, you have an audience, even if it's a small audience, and then you build from there, and you know, saying you're going to be the regulatory body, you know, you're not, obviously not government affiliated. It's not by force. But I think for people who, hey, if you want to have, like a serious retail operation, and you seriously want to be operating at like an international standard with a certain level of quality, you should leverage us, and we have now been proven by, you know, A, B and C organisations. But you know, to your point of like you want to be able to, you're almost trying to do accreditation like and for people to trust you to say, I am, our body can accreditate you and say they Yes. You're, you know, your staff is performing at a certain level, so it's quite ambitious, but I think it's needed.

Timilehin Tikolo  22:10  
Okay, I really like you answered, basically answered everything, just by this conversation, to be honest, because, like, that's kind of what we were just, you know, obviously, asking all these people like, you know, do you think it's needed? Do you think that we benefit from, like, standardisation in the industry, accreditation, again, people to learn constantly and be appraised constantly. And I think, yeah, I think, you know, of course, like you said, like, I should be to a smaller because, again, like you said at the start, literally like five or six players. But I think because there's five or six players like they spread across the country, they also already allow us, like, test how we work outside of Lagos, that by then starting to work with, like you said, players in hospitality or restaurants or whatever. You know, we already know how we can support and I think that's one big thing at least. Like, No, I haven't really been around Nigeria that much in recent time, to be very honest, but I remember when I was doing that small mouth business, and we go outside Lagos. And that's not to say like Lagos, like international standard or whatever. But you could, know, a significant drop off in quality of service of whatever experience, like the further you went out, you know, like that time you had stores in Kano states and all these places, and those are just like they were, literally just like soft with inventory. There wasn't really any new experience being offered. Unlike you said, you do interviews, you I mean, you do training sessions, the managers are half not on the screen. I've seen their attending to customer on even this team. You don't even know what they're absorbing, but at least if we're able to get them to as part of their jobs, like be doing these assessments and be learning and continuously being tasked, potentially, eventually, that level, right? I think, honestly, I think my last two questions for you would be one if, and you may not have thought this about this before, but would you have like an annual budget per employee for training? Like, do you already have that? Or do you like being a business you already have that budget per training per employee annually set up? Or do you have a realistic project that you might be looking at so that we can also ensure that what we're trying to do so falls within this sort of boundary? I

Ijeoma Arum  24:50  
do have a training budget. I don't know what it is off the top of my head, like, I would have to look at the budget, but like, we have a mandate that all of our staffs, even at headquarters, have to do like, 40 hours of training annually. And then, yeah, and that training is primarily, it can be whatever they manager align on. So, for example, if I say that John, you know, needs to work on his graphic design skills, you know, specifically how he puts together images, or Jill needs to work on her Excel skills, and, you know, becoming more versed in Excel, like it's for her, that employee and their manager to align on, and then the manager can approve it, so they can take like it typically is, like online training, like we Use Udemy, so we have, we paid them a licence here or something and beyond Udemy. Like, if the team finds something that they want to do, whether it be like a training or a conference or something like, again, it's on a case by case basis. But there is a budget, I think again, that's the at the the headquarters level, at the the store level. I don't know what they have. I know they do trainings. I don't know that there's a budget, like, for it. And now go look into the store budget to see because No, what I will say is, like, I'd be happy to work with you if you're trying to, like, pilot some things, yeah, exactly like one of my big priorities for the year, because I feel like a lot of improve, a lot of improvement can just come if the sales team were better. Um, yeah. Again, I think you know, you have to be with the partners who have that same outset. There's a lot of people that will tell you, like, yeah, great, because the economic conditions in Nigeria are not great, which may be true, but that doesn't mean we couldn't, we can't improve, you know? I mean, like, you were in Jumia, right? And, like, a lot could be said, hey, the customer is not ready for E commerce, and that's why the business is not where it needs to be. But I think a lot could have been well, as like, hey, we don't have the information that customers need online for them to make a purchase, where our systems aren't working the way they're supposed to, or, you know, people feel like they're going to order something and get the wrong thing. So you get to, you know, 50% of the population is using your platform because of low internet penetration, lack of trust, so on and so forth. But you probably could have been able to get to, like, 10% as opposed to the one, one, whatever we had in Lagos, if like work through some of these opportunities. So, you know, I think there's you in training for sure.

Timilehin Tikolo  27:50  
All right, perfect. Thanks. Everything I wanted to ask you, and I'll definitely reach out to you. So what we're doing now is, obviously, we're still doing interviews over the next week, and then we're collecting all the feedback on all the insights and analysing it this month. But I expect that sometime in July, we could have like a, almost like a draft pilot thing to show you or to come back to you on. I love to work with you on there as well. Let's see, you know, be good to get your buy in on what we're trying to do. So yeah, over the next few weeks, let's take this insight, and then I'll come back to you sometime in the next few weeks to share with you where we are and see what you think.

Ijeoma Arum  28:38  
Okay, that sounds good.

Timilehin Tikolo  28:41  
Thanks. Thank you so much thank you for doing

Ijeoma Arum  28:43  
this. All right, thanks to me happy today. Bye everybody. Bye.



EXTRA that wasn't recorded in Otter: 

There's not a lot of them, so you can't poach. I mean, what I'm used to is an environment where people can come from different companies and you poach. Even in the retail sector, a lot of people are coming from Jumia because Jumia is the biggest. Obviously, they don't have the physical stores, but Jumia may not be perfect as we all know, but they're the biggest. And it's like there's just this gap, and I think part of the gap feels like people have never seen it, so it's challenging to expect people to be able to do things that they've never seen. Whether it be from a customer service standpoint or from an operational standpoint, and you know people being reluctant. So I think to have a service where like, "Hey, I can use this company and they can come out quarterly and they can do some of these trainings as it relates to soft skills and specifically related to detail," I think that that would be valuable.

Yeah, I'm just going to debate a bit from the question just to explain where we come in. One of the things is we're trying to do almost like a mobile lead training thing where we have the salespeople constantly learning. So it would be let me just for the sake of simplifying it, let's call that right, that has 10-minute long videos.

Need to be watched, right? And they need to be assessed. Now, it's partly self-paced in that in the course of a month, it's really essentially 50 minutes in total, right? So you could decide to watch it all in the space of an hour. You decide to watch a weekly into your business. You do the assessment and then you do the assessment. And that's how it works. So you need to be watched. And then you need to be assessed. And it could be like the second Wednesday and the final Wednesday. The store manager has the control on how they would assess. But essentially, then you'll come to the assessment day, which will be in the first hour of the day. So not really affecting the sales day, it'll just be like the hour before the store opens up. Actually come in, you have already watched your videos and done your basic assessments like a quick test on your phone or whatever. And you've sort of certified on your end that you understood that and you ticked it off. But then we can't actually move forward until the manager finally approves that you've shown satisfactory knowledge or understanding. And the way you would display that is then you come to this training base in your store and sort of role play and weigh in on what you've seen or whatever to prove understanding. And once the manager understands or is satisfied that you know enough, we then take it through and then we can go to the next stage and like that. And so we would have this partly self-paced but there's also sort of that cohort aspect to it as well because at the end of the day, you're moving as a cohort through the training. And obviously we know that we spend time training people, we know like bringing them into conference rooms, taking them out of the store. There's so many challenges with all of this and that's why we decided to make it sort of like mobile first with obviously the physical side. And then what we've now tried to, what we're looking at growing with it is essentially building this out into something that actually really standardises the industry. So we want to get to a point where it's like a manager at any level whether it's in brand core or small market or architecture or whatever, needs to have a minimum level of certification. So for example, the manager needs to have been on level A meaning that if you are hiring anyone in the industry from whoever the person is like, at least it's like some sort of standardisation that we know this person has demonstrated this level of knowledge and understanding and this is the standard in the industry. We're not gonna just get someone in that's just gonna shoot up his way into being a manager, say he was a manager in architecture even though he wasn't, you know what I mean? Or wasn't even at this right skill level. So that's really what we're trying to do. Build this thing out where it's like we will use managers to assess frequently and then we can then build out the standardisation of the industry. But there's a third aspect we're adding on which is because we know managers aren't the greatest and they're not, not every manager is gonna be fair like we said or gonna be even adequately skilled, we are thinking of doing twice so like bi-annual cohort examination so everyone has done everything of course all the retail stores that we manage or support or whatever in the first six months of the year would have like an examination. And then so that what your managers have done has helped you yes you've been doing tests every month but like as a six month mark you're gonna do a test that we would then objectively grade so that we know the standard of the industry like this is where everyone is everyone at this level got like 70 percent if your team in this company is at 30 percent then obviously your managers are doing a bad job of actually working with their families and they're just taking completion but they're not actually like developing because the rate in the industry is moving up and it's that's what I'm saying. That's really what we're trying to do. I don't know if you if it's a bit clearer or that's really what we're trying to do. Yeah it is clear and it's nice so you know well done to you it's ambitious because you're trying to regulate it like you're the way I understand what you're saying is like you are trying or to be the regulatory body for retail. Like when you say if you don't have a score of 8 as determined by this particular company or at least you don't have that stamp of approval then you're a manager. 