Kieran Murphy  0:00  
Thank you. Hi. Timmy Ray, how are you? I'm good. I'm good. How are you? Yeah, good, good.

Timilehin Tikolo  0:06  
Thank you so much for taking time to join this call. Appreciate it greatly. I've gone on the call with me Fein, who's my partner on this project. And just to give you a quick rundown of what's going to happen today, it's nothing scary like that. It's pretty much like a 35 to 40 minutes tops interview. We're just going to take you through some questions on screen to kind of just get your insights on this training programme we are developing give you a bit more context on the programme itself. It's it's essentially for right now, for sales people. So forecast, we are trying to see how we can improve how sales people are trained in Nigeria right now. Obviously there's a gap there. But having conducted many training sessions, I'm not convinced that the way we deliver right now is the best way. Yeah, right now. So we are playing with this idea of delivering sort of mobile based training, sort of hybrid where, you know, the team would watch short videos, maybe about 10 minutes long, and you know, they would then have to role play, instal with the managers, and have like assessments on it every month with the managers. But then in the six months time frame, we would do like an objective assessment of the cohort. Okay,

Kieran Murphy  1:40  
hi, Nicholas,

Timilehin Tikolo  1:45  
that's really it okay. Go and go in and share my screen very quickly, and then just take you through it.

It, right? So really, the first question is, what are the most common skill gaps you observe in your frontline retail staff today? Okay,

Kieran Murphy  2:17  
yeah, I had a bit of thought about that. There's three areas, and in no particular order, is the first one is understanding about the product and why the customer wants the product. So for example, obviously, we're Nike, and we have lots of training about particular shoes and things like that. And you buy this running shoe because it bounces up and down when you run this fast, and it's smooth when you run that fast, and it gives you support here, left, right and centre. And they go through all of that training, and they know the official training programme on the Nike product, which is important, because you need to understand what the product is all about. But they, I don't think they really understand is what the customers coming in to buy and what they are looking for. They give the whole spiel about it does X, Y and Z, and it gives you a, b and c, but they don't listen to the customer to find out what the customer is actually looking for and focus on that like every say, we just talk about pair of running shoes. Every running shoes has about five or six elements to it, why, what's in that particular shoe, and why it's better than this particular shoe. But they don't actually listen to the customer. I'm looking for a pair of running shoes because I run twice a week and I run on rough roads, so I need something. So the thing would be the wearability of this particular shoe, or this customer comes in and says, I'm a I run five times a week, 20 kilometres a week. I'm looking for a good shoe that gives me support on my feet, because you're running so much you have, you get aches and pains, especially for our older customers, our younger customers, not so much. So they don't really identify all the pieces of information about the shoe, which ones they should be focusing on. For a particular customer, they just give, they just give their full spiel, and they don't identify, Okay, this is a customer who's in his 40s. He needs more support so that his knees and his ankles don't wear out. Or they have a guy that comes in his 20s, he needs support because he wants to do speed and X training. And they will just give the complete list of factors to the customer, but not really focusing on what the customer is looking for. So that's the one thing, and that focuses again, on the second point is their relationship with the customers, and we're getting past that stage now. And I work this from my own experience, is especially in lots of other markets I've worked with, it's a Yes, madam, No madam approach to the customer. Whereas the customer is coming in to buy something from, say, a Nike store, or that spending money, they want someone that can relate to them and that can be spoken to as an equal, for my own example, like I'm from Dublin. I'm just a gob sight from a working class housing estate in Ireland. But when I was in London, I was serving Princess Diana and all the movie rock stars that came into the UK in the 90s. But I spoke to them as an equal, as opposed to a yes, sir, no sir. And they were looking for a connection with the salesperson, just as much as the information and the service. So they wanted to know that the person that they were speaking with understood them, respected them, but they could relate to that person. So a lot of my guys, I've had lots of conversations with them about you have to be see yourself as an equal, and speak as an equal because you listen to a person that you respect more so than a person that cow tows to you. Shall you show me say, if someone is I respect this person. I appreciate what they're saying. I think they've got a higher knowledge on this product than I do. So I respect them. But if you're going Yes, sir, no, sir, three bags full, sir, they're not going to really pay attention to you, because they just see you as a in a service position rather than an advisory position. So you have to put yourself to be seen as as an advisor as opposed to a sales person, shall we say? Right? And then for me, the other training gap is your own personal reason of why you're doing this role and what you get out of this role. Yeah, we all very few people choose, I want to work in the service industry. I want to be a sales assistant or whatever, and work my way up, but you're not going to be good at your job if you don't believe or like what you're doing, yeah, like, we could all, we could all get jobs somewhere else, but if we didn't like it, we'll come home and we'll go crazy. But you have to find, you have to find that angle of what you do. And then said, Okay, apart from going, I can serve you and blah, blah, blah, but you need to find what the connection is for you to be doing this. And again, I'll give my own personal example. Back in the day, worked in London all the great and good and then I went to work for a company called high and mighty, a customer for very tall like yourself. This is before the internet, before you could buy your big T shirts on the internet, and the mighty large gentleman, and I'm talking about large now I'm not talking having a few pounds on you. I'm talking about large. And what I found when they came in, they just wanted to be treated as with respect and as an equal, because obviously, being of that size, they were getting disrespected all the time, whether it was on purpose or or accidental. They weren't getting they weren't being seen as individuals. And in fairness to everybody that worked in the stores, because I've talked about nine stores throughout London and the Southeast, they were treated as if they were family. And that, to me, says, okay, as much as I'm selling a t shirt, it's more than a t shirt to this guy, as much as I'm selling a pair of pants, it's not just a pair of pants. It's giving him some level of acceptance, ownerships and sort of being part of being treated like normal. And that's what I took away from that, and I've carried that with me. So part of what I do is, what I do is because as much as people come in to buy things, we all come in to buy things apart from the practicality of the item that you need, but we also want to be reinforced about what we're buying. So those, to me, are the three skill gaps that I see, not just here in Nigeria, but I've seen across all the markets I've worked with, and they're all the ones I tried to really focus on, right? I hope this all makes sense. No,

Timilehin Tikolo  9:09  
it does. It makes a lot of sense. To be fair, you've already touched on the next question, which is around the behaviours and competencies, but just to still grow into it. I know like there's some having done a few of these interviews now there's some things that come out when we speak. And I guess one of those ones is people tend to complain about how the Nigerians associates lack the ability to follow through and follow up with customers. And I guess keep that relationship going even like is that still what you would say is the key competence of behaviour that you see more consistently.

Kieran Murphy  9:50  
It is because, again, like in Nike, we call it the full circle service idiom that we use someone comes into Nike for the first time. Say it's not about selling them that product there and then it's about creating that relationship, educating them, giving them a confidence that they can respect you if they don't buy you the first time, no problem they don't buy you. Second time, no problem. The third time, they'll buy and then they'll start coming back over the years. So whether they come in and buy a pair of shoes once a quarter or once every half, but they'll be coming back over the next 456, years. So it's a for Wonder, but not being too dramatic, it's a lifetime experience, or it's a lifetime relationship. As a brand, we have a lifetime relationship with the with our consumer, because people, whether it be Adidas, Nike, or any any, any fashion brand or any other brand. You buy that brand, if you have an affinity for it, you're going to be buying it for the next 1015, years, or whatever the product is. So it's about building that trust with relation. It's not about putting money in the till there and then, although that is important, but it's making sure that that consumer comes back, so that you're building up your your relationship with the consumer, so that they are a long term customer of yours, rather than just an instant customer. And again, those are the conversations that we that we have with our team, as much as I don't want you to make a sale for the sake of making a sale, because then that customer is a strong chance they won't come back, but if they come in and they don't buy, but it's okay. I believe I can trust this, this environment, because it give me the information. They've been treated with respect. You understand what I want, but they didn't have what I wanted that time I go away, but the next time I need a pair of socks, or need a t shirt or whatever, I'll go back there again, because I know the experience I'll get. Same with a restaurant, no matter how good the food in the restaurant is, if you're not getting the service that reflects the quality of the food, you're not going to go back and again if the food, if the food is mediocre, but the service is good, yeah, I give like, for example, Eric Kai said, when I go to Nico, the food is, is okay. It's fairly standard. It's not exceptional, but the service has always been top notch. And again, Ellie that was there again, they talk to you, and they serve you, and they speak with you, and they have a conversation, and it treats you as a you're treated as a part of, part of the family of it's a nice environment to go in and have a croissant on a cup of coffee. It's a decent it's a standard cup of coffee, and it's a standard crossing. There's nothing except for that. But it's the environment that they create that you feel relaxed and comfortable

Timilehin Tikolo  12:38  
in, right? That makes a lot of sense that, yeah, that's very valuable. On the next two points I'm going to question, I'm going to sort of combine them, because I'm going to give you the context first. So what we're trying to do is essentially train people in the industry, but also in a way, actors like you can almost say like the regulator, so where we standardise the quality of skill level or the quality of employees in the industry. And by doing to achieve that, we're trying to essentially put people on these like certification courses, right where we will plan to get to a level where, for example, a manager will need to have attained, let's just say, a grade seven certification, and then the system manager needs to have attained a grade four, and then a sales associate needs to have attained a grade two level of certification. And the idea is that that certification and the skills, as well as certification, are fully transferable across, you know, roles across players in the industry, and whatever do you think there will be any value to you or to the industry of doing this sort of standardisation certification? And also, would you then, would you be willing to more willing to hire someone this sort of recognised certification over someone who doesn't have that.

Kieran Murphy  14:09  
Yes, I think from my times back in the UK, or when I was working with UK, the UK has a system like that where you do a training programme, stage one, two and three, and it gets, it's, it's, it's, it's certified, so it's recognised through whatever Association and that type of thing. And then when I was in the Middle East, we had something like that within al Shia as well. So yes, I believe, I believe that is in is quite important, but you also need to find a way to connect it to again, once you've done the full qualifications in your store manager and area manager, how can that be used for further educational purposes outside of the retail thing? I don't know if that can be done or not, but if you can find a way to get that connected to it and and then expand, apart from just having say, the standard customer service and product knowledge, etc, etc. But expand the training so that they can step up from the shop floor to a back of house operation, whether that be in marketing or buying or merchandising or whatever. So you need to throw, especially as they start experience, they need to throw elements of that into the training.

Nicholas Folarin-Coker  15:22  
Hi Kieran. Just quickly one follow up question that I wanted to ask. So let's say we focus on the customer service and floor sales as the first let's call it module. And you were saying about expanding and looking at something that can take people higher up the corporate value chain. Let's call it, what would you if you were asked, what should be the second module? What would you pick as the area?

Kieran Murphy  15:49  
So I kind of lost halfway through there. So asking, what will be the second module after you've done all the say front of house training. Okay, exactly. And then, for example, it would have to be training on back of house operations. So for example, I have four people that from the shop floor that are now working back of when I say back of house, I mean head office, roles, like in merchandising, logistics, in finance, etc, etc. But I would say, okay, so, for example, you could do maybe training model on, say, the OTB, the buying product placements, on understanding what the buying process is, or even from a certain extent, maybe if, if they have a financial element, one of The basic bookkeeping elements of of the store, the PnL, management of the store, or even then, even from a marketing perspective as well. So there are of all the back of house operations you could do a training module, say, for like, like I said, product merchandising and the buying, marketing, finance, logistics. Or whatever. So there are five or six different modules you could do. Okay,

Nicholas Folarin-Coker  17:06  
no problem. Thank you so much.

Timilehin Tikolo  17:10  
Okay, perfect. And then um, so Kieran on the on the module, like that, like we explained earlier, what we're trying to do is, um, really break down retail training into sort of modular training that can happen on this, on site, in different locations simultaneously, whatever, without taking people out of the store, without the cost of renting a conference room and then a big, expensive trainer that comes in on suitcase and whatever. But to achieve that, we need to ensure that store managers are empowered enough to objectively evaluate, you know, at least in the in the sort of the monthly evaluation, before we roll out the sort of biannual exams that we then objectively grade. So for that, we need to kind of understand where the where the store managers are at right now, and so it was just kind of important to ask, you know, how confident are you in your store managers and their ability to evaluate staff objectively? I

Kieran Murphy  18:24  
Sorry, guys, this is a Nigerian thing. I don't have any faith in my guys to be objective.

Timmy, you know me, I'm gonna be buried in this country one way or the other. I constantly find there are lots of for want of a better express personality issues not seen as again, it's something I've tried to push through to some extent. We only have two bosses in our company. One is Mrs. Murphy, who walks through the store to buy something, and the other is the process. Because the process is the process. It's not rocket science. It's the same process, whether you're selling a pair of Nikes or whether you're selling a Chanel handbag, or whether you're selling bag of flour in the supermarket, there's a process to follow in everything that you do. Well, I get lots of feedback from various elements that so and so is saying this about me, and so and so has a favourite here. And then so and so is doing this, and so and so is doing that. And it again, it's especially within, shall we say, the male population on the shop floor. They need to be seen as I'm the boss. I can make your life hell, or I can make your life perfect. If you follow me, we can do everything that to me, is not how life works. Yeah, of course. So to that, to tell to that is it's changing to a certain extent. It's taking a lot longer than I would have thought. Again, I hate to go back to my time in the Middle East, when I would have 15 different nationalities working on my shop floor, everything from Emiratis to Indians to Filipinos to guys from Sudan. So the only culture that they had together was the work process culture. So they followed the work process culture as opposed to whatever the Sudanese culture would be, whatever the northern Indian culture, as opposed to the southern as opposed to the Filipino as opposed to the Polish. Were so different. And they said, Okay, we're here together. The only thing that we have in common is the culture of the business, and the business culture was driven by the processes,

Timilehin Tikolo  20:55  
right? So it sounds Yeah,

Kieran Murphy  20:59  
no, so, so it was a lot easier, and I didn't have as many one or two, but like as we all do, because that's the way life is, there's always going to be a problem. But here it definitely seems to be driven by on a person not put for one of the better expression of personality management, rather than a process management.

Timilehin Tikolo  21:17  
I think that makes a lot of sense, and that's also one of the reservations that we came across earlier from, you know, one of the interviewers as well, which is really around, like, personal biases, yeah, very strongly that that would, that could impact the manager's ability to objectively assess, Yeah, performance, right. Okay, so I mean to kind of because we also, to be fair, had thought that this would be a thing, you know, when we're trying to build this model, we had then proposed almost a workaround, you can say, which was almost like a two factor authentication, almost way around the rituals, the managers will still need to do what they do. But then we could have a second level of evaluation after that, which could then be something a bit more let's call the objective, and it could be maybe something that requires the teams to submit video, video submissions of them doing role plays, and then they sent it into into us who we would then objectively appraise the understanding. Obviously, that wouldn't happen as frequently as the managers on which that would happen, maybe probably twice a year, versus the managers that happen monthly. But then the grading on that would be a reflection of what the manager has been doing throughout the year. Because if you've said, This person understands everything perfectly, and that's only just driven by your bias, and then it comes to our end, and then we're like, No, this person doesn't understand it, then obviously, obviously, it's a reflection of the manager. So do you think having a combination of those methods of evaluation so that more objective and the manager led assessment would be the way forward, or do we just focus purely on one and, you know, just cut out.

Kieran Murphy  23:12  
I lost you. I lost you. There a

Timilehin Tikolo  23:16  
bit in summer, the question was just, do you think, you know, having that almost hybrid way of evaluating, which is the objective assessment, which is what will come to us and we assess as well as what the managers do on their own monthly is ultimately the best work around or do you feel differently, like maybe we should actually just keep it as manager led, still knowing the biases that they may have, or we do fully objective evaluation.

Kieran Murphy  23:52  
No, I would be I'd be objective. I think the best way to get around this is part of the train, assuming you're putting a training problem together and you're going to be selling it to other retailers so that they can start using it, or they support it. Is to have somewhere in the programme where the store managers are rewarded for the training and the motivation and the must not word the promotion, but the succession planning within this, within the store. So as much as they get rewarded, great, you've got so and so has been chained up, and they can step up into the next role, and then they obviously have a good relationship with that person. But then it's okay. So what have you done with this person that isn't performing? That's where they need to be seen. There needs to be a reward system so they can actually recognise if this person isn't performing for whatever reason. It could be 50% they could be an idiot, or it could be 50% that they don't like them. They need to be seen, that they get a recognition reward, or whatever it is, or as part of the training programme, that their role is to make sure that everybody in the business is trained and everybody is in a position to be being a succession place, to step up to the next role, so that they are, you find a way to say, okay, as much as you want to lead by personality, it's okay. You can lead your fans. It's not a problem. But those that aren't your fans, you need to find a way to lead them, and that's the true form of management in a store or any business you have to it's it's more important that the people that you don't have a relationship with, or can't have a relationship, or for whatever reason, or struggle to have a relationship, it's important that you you get them on board and to the level that they need to be, and then that they can see that they are being supported. So you need to find either a training programme or reward system or an incentive system for them to to to achieve that, I think, and that's what we're doing now at the moment as well. So for example, we have, I'm sure you know that we're with the Fraser group. We're going to be opening Sports Direct and a few Nike stores now. So we have about 85 people to bring on board, not tomorrow, but within the next 12 to 18 months. But I want all my store I have 40. I have I have 16 management positions, from assistant manager to store manager, position to feel for these new stores, and I'm saying to my team, they have to come from your team. I'm not recruiting outside the business, so you need to as much as you've got your two assistant managers now, I need you to find three assistant managers within your team, but they need to be reach a certain level. So they're now being incentivized to make sure that everybody has been given the resources and the support to step up to the next role.

Timilehin Tikolo  26:46  
That's that's really good insights. Actually. That's really because that's something we hadn't thought about that. And it's good that we have the opportunity to go back and think of it now, how we would incentivize that succession is very important. Yeah, or should we go for?

Nicholas Folarin-Coker  27:06  
I guess I don't know if we should wait. I'll just make the comment now what I find quite interesting. So we have Kieran from Nike saying that, essentially, what's driving a lot of the way that you're approaching this is allowing people to have skin in the game and pushing on centres. And then We've obviously had Timmy, we've had a conversation with a comparably sized organisation, and their approach was more like, Yeah, we're gonna have to do by force or by fire, because the

Kieran Murphy  27:39  
team that you have have to take ownership of what they're doing. Because as much as the senior management sitting, they can say, I want you to do this, this, this and this, but 99% of the time you have no idea what's going on in your business. Yeah, yeah. And you need to make sure that the people that you have in your team take ownership of their roles, and if they make a mistake, as long as they don't kill anybody, or the business hasn't gone bankrupt, you can move on from there, yeah, and then then you allow them to have a voice. You say, Okay, yeah, sorry, top blah, blah, blah. This is what I've learned, and this is how I'm going to do it differently. And you support them moving forward so that they have because again, I find it again here and even in Kenya, when I was there, it was, Oh, God, don't tell anybody that's I've done something wrong. There was, there was a fear of showing your weaknesses or your lack of investment. I've been in retail 40 years. I've messed up more times than I've done better bad things, but I've been given the opportunity to correct it. Like I said, I haven't killed anybody in the business hasn't gone bankrupt. So we can move forward from there, we can learn. And so you have to give them ownership, and they have to be seen that this is their role, this is their business. And the reason why X, Y and Z is doing so well is because of what I did, and I have an influence, and I have a control, and I have an input into this. I think the more you do that, the more you create a yeah, you create a family for all American eyes on this, but you do create family, yeah?

Nicholas Folarin-Coker  29:14  
Okay, no, that makes sense. Thank you.

Timilehin Tikolo  29:18  
All right, cool, moving on to the next question is really on the modules that you think would be most valuable to focus on. So I know at the start of the conversation you already referenced a lot of these, especially around knowledge training, yeah, Kieran, Red City, what

Kieran Murphy  29:35  
I can do is I'll tap into the Nike training modules, and I'll share that with you. I'll get the whole breakdown of what Nike does. And you can say we can take inspiration and direction from this, but I give you a full breakdown of all the training modules that we have in Nike, and what the process is and what they start off with, how to think. So give me, give me, give me a couple of days, and I'll get that. I won't actually allow you to have access to the thing, because we have a special thing, but I will get access it, and I'll download it, and I'll put it all together for you so you can actually see what all the training modules and what time, etc, etc, so you can have a look at that. That's not a problem,

Timilehin Tikolo  30:13  
perfect. That would be amazing. Thanks. Kieran, alright, so let's keep it moving. Um, I guess one. All right. Okay, so the next question, Would you pay a premium for the training to be customised to your stores, SOPs and ethers? Because, again, for you, it wasn't to ask this, especially in the future, thinking about Sports Direct and all that, all this has happened. Do you do you feel like, obviously, there would be things that are fairly standardised across every business, naturally, but then there'll be aspects that would need to be tailored to, you know, look and feel of Nike versus language and whatnot. Would you need that level of customization in this environment, we need to pay more

Kieran Murphy  31:07  
if I can do like speak for a say from a Nike in a Sports Direct position, they wouldn't want any other input from anybody else to customise it, because they have their own training model that they want to implement. The same with Sports Direct and the same with Nike and most international brands, whether it be like hmm or Zara or whatever, would have their own training modules. Now they might want a customised one for maybe from a mid to senior level, but from a shop floor perspective, they would want no report from anybody else. And that's hand on heart. That's, that's the feedback you get from these guys. Now, if you like, for example, I've been on training courses with the Hudson management team, and that was bought. That was, who was it? Ey,

Timilehin Tikolo  31:54  
okay, okay, yeah, yeah.

Kieran Murphy  31:56  
And again, that was because when we were expanding and blah, this and blah, that they brought everybody in, type of thing, and that was a training module that we obviously didn't have because from the basic levels of training we have, but from the mid to senior level, how this we don't have those training programmes, because it's new to us. That's the only time that we would actually pay for a training course or get something modified. But we wouldn't say, Okay, this is my Nike training course. Can you modify it for the Nigerian market that would never happen, or whether in Kenya, or whether it was in Botswana or Iceland, for the especially for the Big Core brands, that would never happen. But if it was for brand, a local brand, that was opening something up, possibly, yes, I could see that being a that being something that I might use. But for an international, global brand that has that, not only at a senior level, would they bring a training programming, okay, modify the requirements? Yeah,

Timilehin Tikolo  32:57  
okay, so that's that's right. So for us, more box, standard, generic for the industry, and then obviously you would use the brand specific materials for the brand specific thing. Makes a lot of sense. We've already touched on this one, to be honest. I may know, I don't think we need to again about whether we felt it was necessary to standardise the industry, I know you said is, you know, ASHA has done something similar in Middle East. It's in the UK. You mentioned that before, it was quite necessary in terms of training commitment. So one thing we're trying to also do is make sure that the training feels almost like, almost like second nature whilst you are in a retail job. And to do that, it's also important that we find the best way to execute it. So we are looking at a scenario where, right now, what we're proposing is a scenario where the managers would elect each two days every month to sort of train this their teams well, to review, actually, what the salespeople had gone and watched themselves over, you know, let's say over the first two weeks of the month and then the second two weeks of the month. And this training would happen ideally, maybe in the one or two hours before the store open, so that you're not actually distracting the sales. But do you think that three hour session maximum, two times a month? Would one be sufficient, but two would actually be a good way to make sure that the training actually happens frequently, rather than like having a big block of time where, instead, like, a thing like, oh well, we've got this training on Friday and five hours. And it's like, you know, everyone has blocked out the calendars for this thing. It

Kieran Murphy  34:55  
depends on what the train was like. Again, when I share the Nike training modules, you see it like, for example, we have training in the stores on a weekly basis, and some of it is new training, and some of it is just something that was done three months ago on a pair of running shoes, just to refocus on and then we have training sessions where we take people out of this store, we put we have in our head office, we do a training programme There again, and that's usually a day long training programme. And then they also have training programmes which they do themselves on the internet. They have access to it, and they have to go through, I think it's more of a question and answers type of training programme to see that they understand what they've been trained on over the last month. But on a shop floor, I wouldn't do training more than like anything else, like we all get bored after an hour and a half, no matter what someone's training. So I would keep it to an hour to an hour 30 minutes max, and then maybe half an hour having fun afterwards, accepting but, but you can do a three, four training, hour training session, but that would have to be in a different environment, so that they would see that it was something different. Okay, you couldn't do a five hour training on a shop floor, apart from not being able to open the store, but, but, yeah, that we do trainings every week, you know, about an hour and maybe an hour and a half, and we open the store late, but opening store late on a Monday morning in a cage makes no difference whether you open at 10 or 11, blah, blah, blah, but, but, yeah. And then we have ongoing then we do retraining again, and they do stuff on the internet, and then we have it in head office, when it's more of a bigger training programme. Moreover, so more than management roles, training happens at head office, whereas the product knowledge and customer service happens on the shop floor again, I will share everything that we have, and you can get some some guidance from that, perhaps.

Timilehin Tikolo  36:48  
Thank you, Kieran, yeah,

Nicholas Folarin-Coker  36:50  
I think it'll be really useful for us, because then we'll be able to see, by you guys's standard, what is the rough breakdown of how many hours or how many minutes, yeah, the different types of roles are doing per month or per quarter, and then that can help us to Yeah, essentially the time. And that'd be great. Thank you. Okay,

Timilehin Tikolo  37:14  
right. Um, so, Kieran, I mean, we're almost at the end of it now, just to find a few questions. Um, so, I mean, we've spoken about this already in some sort of extent in this conversation. But you know, if you don't mind just ranking, you know these options you see on the screen in terms of one being the best and four being the worst or the least impactful for sales people, what do you think would work? Would you be looking at short mobile lessons, as the music back to school, then in person workshops? Or, you know, can you just sort of find these options?

Kieran Murphy  37:51  
For me, it's an in person workshop. Secondly, mobile lessons.

Have no idea what's voice coaching. What's up? You young kids know all of it. Must you get loads of training on your WhatsApp.

Nicholas Folarin-Coker  38:20  
So the WhatsApp just quickly, the WhatsApp coaching is, or the voice coaching is essentially, instead of it being like, type first, so you type to get a response, is voice first, so you speak and then something is responsible,

Kieran Murphy  38:35  
okay, but I would actually that's, yeah, that that would be a good thing to have, I think so. Definitely written guidelines. Forget no one reads, No one pays any attention to anything that's written down, including yourself, even

Nicholas Folarin-Coker  38:51  
Exactly,

Kieran Murphy  38:56  
yeah. So, yeah. So the in person always works, because then you have a you can see people's reaction, and you can have a relationship with them. And then it's short mobile lessons, and then the voice coaching, from a refresher point of view, I think the voice coaching could be, could be a good one to use.

Timilehin Tikolo  39:21  
Okay, now that's, this is really good insight. Okay, great. And then the, I guess the next three questions, if you run, which delivery channel do you think is most effective, and why? So? Sort of again, mobile app or

Nicholas Folarin-Coker  39:41  
WhatsApp based training, right? Yeah,

Timilehin Tikolo  39:45  
WhatsApp based training on mobile app or physical blend, although it already sounds like, from what you said earlier, also show mobile lessons and in person workshop. Sounds like you'll be a blend, yeah,

Kieran Murphy  39:57  
I think the in person and the mobile blend of both, yeah, I think obviously there's some mobile ones which are, say, the easier platform, the easier things to train, the in person, one where you need to understand the person's reaction and see that they understand. So I think it's a combination of both, and your your whatsapp platform could be a refresher, or they could go back to it to refresh on certain training programmes that they've done, permanent could be there in the pocket backup of All the training programmes that

Timilehin Tikolo  40:35  
they've done, and then I burn them down.

All right, okay, so this one we had, we had actually wanted to, I'm going to skip question 21 because I feel like we'd already touched on this in the conversations. I'm just going to turn it to in terms of, like a budget. So what I actually wanted to ask you for this Kieran, wasn't necessarily give a ballpark of how much you're doing to pay, but it's more like, Do you have a training budget already in your business or training it could even,

Kieran Murphy  41:14  
well, we do have a training budget, but don't ask me what it is, because I don't know. I can find out for you, though. I'll put that in the thing I'll send you. I know we have a training budget. Yeah, we have a training budget. And, like, for example, now one of my my training manager, that the guy I use for training, is now being promoted to do training for Nike, for all of Africa. Wow, yeah. So he's going to be, he's based here. He's heading off to Morocco, and when Kenya opens, he's going to be based out of Malta. And so there's a budget for him at the moment, and he has his laptop, and we have screens and materials everything. But I don't know how much it is, but I will find out for you, and I'll share that with

Timilehin Tikolo  41:58  
you. Perfect. Thank you. Appreciate that, yeah, but this one was one of the important things. You mentioned a lot that you do a lot of training on the shop floor. We also mentioned the budgets you have. How do you actually ensure that this is translating into actual behavioural change?

Kieran Murphy  42:18  
Well, there's a number where you're saying one would be, I because we have a customer service feedback in our stores as well. So customers come in and they scan the cue code is and they fill anything, and we have to reach 90% on a monthly basis, and we're able to track that. It's not the staff doing it themselves, because the registration gets known so that you can't, I can't go in and fill in 50 forms. Yeah, they're all great, they're all great, they're all great, they're all great. It's that way. So we have a customer feedback on the things, and we do actually reach out every now and again, although we haven't done it so much this quarter, but we do actually reach out to our customers and say, Can we have a chat to you about your experience on the shop floor? Yeah, and that's part of the Nike feedback programme as well. So we have to reach and it is important, because if we don't reach 90% on a quarterly basis, we actually lose a discount on a wholesale price from Nike. Oh, wow. That's why it's very that's why it's very important. So if we as a token business, don't achieve that percentage on a quarterly basis, we lose a percentage of our discounts from Nike when we buy wholesale from Nike. Is very, very important for us to do so the two areas that we see is when we're trying to put a programme in place now, whereas not so much a loyalty programme, but so do we recognise a customer return programme. So if we know that 50% of our customers are buying once, twice, three times a year, we know that we're getting the training back, because they come back in. And then, to be honest with you, it's difficult for us to say from a sales perspective, because our sales go up when we have newness on the shop floor, because at the moment, we've only got one two stores. If we had 10 stars, then we could say the training is working on a sales point of view, but, but no, they can't go anywhere else to buy Nike. So we have news. We have a queue coming in, but where we recognise the training works is on our customer feedback. That's probably the only way we can say now that this is really working because we but because we reach out to our customers to find out, are you happy with the service? What was your experience like? Blah, blah, blah, how can we improve and things like that. So it's, it's, yeah, in an ideal world, you know, you can change someone if you change so, for example, when we have new running shoe come in and we do the training on the running shoe, we expect the sales and that running shoe to go up for the next 1015, days, or whatever it is. But it's yeah, it's a combination of everything. But for me, it's about the customer retention. Yeah, okay, the customer trusts us and comes back to us. That's what that's that's what training is all about.

Timilehin Tikolo  45:31  
Okay, now that's very bad. I think that's a very good perspective, because obviously, naturally, most people speaking about revenue. One of the other interviewers, interviews we had. I think conversion rate was a big thing. But also hearing, you know, the customer retaliatory, that's a big, big thing as well. So great for us to, finally, to piece all this together in this training. Um, just on one thing quickly. Kieran, about mystery shoppers. You currently use any mystery shoppers?

Kieran Murphy  46:05  
We did we did last year. This year, I don't think we are. I think purely because it's a budgeting issue this year, but we will be introducing mystery shoppers, I'd say, for the second half of the year. And Nike, again, part of the Nike things at least once a year, someone from Nike, or someone that represents Nike will come over into our stores, and I don't even know about it, and head office doesn't even know about it, and they will send someone into the store to do a mystery shop. So mystery shoppers, once they are properly trained and they know and that they understand the brand, and you understand, yes, mystery shoppers is but I've worked in places before where we've used mystery shoppers and they don't really, really understand what we're looking for from a mystery shoppers. They just use a standard 10 templates. So you have to be very focused on how you use mystery shoppers. And what you want your mystery shoppers to be looking for when they come into the store. But, yeah, we use mystery shoppers.

Timilehin Tikolo  47:06  
Okay, okay, great. Um, I know we already touched on this right now. I didn't ask if there's anything else you wanted to look basically looking at us on the screen, aside returning customer rate, customer retention rate, which, actually we didn't have one of the options, which is great new insights. Was there any other key metric that matters, you know, basket size, basket size, okay, basket size, yeah, yeah. But wouldn't just out of just thinking of a bit of good quickly. Basket size is also partly dependent on like the location, right and like the demographics in that location,

Kieran Murphy  47:47  
yes and no. For example, my key thing when we first opened people we were buying we were selling. Back in the day when people could afford Nike, before the currency collapse, people were buying slides like they were chocolate ice cream. So I'm saying every customer comes in the store and they buy a pair of shoes or the buying a hoodie. You need a pair of slice of that. You need a pair of slides. You bought a pair of shoes. You need a pair of socks. Need a pair of socks. So I want to see a pair of socks sold with every pair of shoes that you sold. Right simple things like that. I'm not saying, okay, they they bought a 250 pair. You need to buy two. No? They need to buy a t shirt, or they could buy a pair of socks or a small bag. That's, that's, to me, that's the basket size, right? It's units rather than value, right?

Nicholas Folarin-Coker  48:40  
That was a question, essentially, yeah. Okay, yeah.

Kieran Murphy  48:45  
For me, it's about units. Your value is important as well. But if we, if everybody came in and bought a pair of shoes, bought a pair of socks, or two pairs of socks, it adds 10% to my turnover at the end of the year, just from socks

Timilehin Tikolo  49:01  
alone. And I mean, on on previous trainings you've done, is there anyone that really worked and maybe can you share with us what you thought was great about that, that we could potentially look at, including in ours as well? I uh, that's

Kieran Murphy  49:23  
a bit of a challenge, because I don't actually, I'm only there for the top management training, the day to day training I'm I'm not involved in. So

Nicholas Folarin-Coker  49:36  
training the real estate. Extend this, not just to your time recently, but just over your career, have you ever seen okay?

Kieran Murphy  49:53  
The training? Because I've been on many training programmes, like I said, from senior management to retail training in Cambridge University back in the day, from all the training programmes for me that I think have worked and that I've been involved in and that I've been participating in, or that I've been overseeing, are the ones that allow the People being trained to take ownership of the programme. They take ownership of programme. And if they feel that they need to adapt some of the training programmes or adapt the form, they're allowed to do that for the team. Yeah, yeah. You have your you have your template. But you say, Okay, this is the template. How would you adjust it? If this was yours, what would you do with it? It's now your template. How are you going to how are you going to change it, adapt it, implement it, take ownership of it. Because it's like anything. It's like a tool. Yeah, it's their tool. And if you say, Okay, you need to do Eddie b and c and x, y and z, blah, blah, blah. They get bored of it just as much as the people being trained on you need to allow them to take ownership of that training programme and allow them to make adaptations, and then they say, Okay, this, I made this adaptation, and I got this success out of it, so they have ownership of it, type of thing. Why the core of it needs to be there, but how they adapt that core you need, you need to let them have the ownership of it. Because I met the one again, the one I talked about in Cambridge, and this is 20 years ago. We had a training programme. And the guy says, right, there you go. I come back tomorrow and you, you give me that training programme yourself. And we all sat down, shouting at each other, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and then we at the end of it, the big thing was how we presented the three or four points he wanted from the training and we had five teams. Those five teams come up with a completely different way of doing it, but the five points that he wanted in that training programme were all covered in how we presented the training programme or how we put it together.

Timilehin Tikolo  52:06  
That's that's good insight. Thanks, Kieran, thanks for sharing that final question from us. Actually two final questions. I'll merge these two questions into one, and then there's one open and the question will ask you. So the final question on these structure questions, really is, you know, we know what we spoke about earlier, about how we're trying to be almost like a regulator. We spoke about, would you? Would you support the implementation of a certification system in Nigeria, and with what would be your most significant concern if you are even going to support this About about running terms in

Kieran Murphy  53:01  
Nigeria, the problem would be the recognition of this certificate. So for example, in the UK, when the new certificate, it's it's not a government, but it's by the Department of whatever. So you know that it's official, it has some legitimacy, and that's whether you work for Marks and Spencers or Top Shop or whoever was, you will recognise that as a proper training certificate that this person has done the training and that we recognise it, and it's part of the basics are now training programme already, so the most difficult part would be getting recognition of this as a proper certificate, because anybody can say, Oh yeah, they've got this specific from, from the Timmy Nicholas Academy of retail training and the thickest Timmy who defective Nicholas, where these two fucking gobshites. So there needs to be some sort of official recognition. And I'm not saying the government in Nigeria is the way to go with it. Again, I'd rather go with Timmy and Nicholas training than the government training, but, but you know what? I mean, it needs to be recognised by the industry. Okay? So the thing I don't know whether you want to speak with like, for example, the Trade Commission, the British trade commission here, and have a conversation with them and say, okay, can they give you some input into what to do about this? And then you get, okay, the British trade commission recognised this as a qualification that could be mirrored in the UK, for example. So not that anybody's going to UK, because you're all getting kicked out these days, but if you can get some sort of recognition, recognition of it from someone, that would make a big difference, right? That's

Timilehin Tikolo  54:58  
fascinating. Yeah, that was interesting for

Kieran Murphy  55:01  
me. So for example, if Yeah, go on one

Nicholas Folarin-Coker  55:05  
question I wanted to ask, because that we have had some conversations about recognition. I just wanted to if you in your current position now, and we came to news, we are recognised, and then we said a bunch of massive retailers, or we said, we are recognised. And we said a bunch of like educational outfits like Lagos Business School and stuff like that. Which one would you see as having more weight?

Kieran Murphy  55:30  
Not the retailers, right? Okay? Because there's no, there's no if it was in the UK or the states and Marks and Spencers River Island, Zara, H M, recognizer, yes, okay, not, not in Nigeria. There's no one in Nigeria that apart from me, like the likes of branco and those guys, because they're they have international brands, but it was retailers from the local market. I wouldn't pay any attention to it. But if it was the Lagos Business School or whatever, I would say as more cache for me, right? Okay, yeah, okay,

Timilehin Tikolo  56:08  
okay, okay, perfect. No, I think, I think that's it. That's it for us. Kieran, I think that the last thing we want to just ask you again, off out of the questions, and you can just work mindful of time at this point is obviously, now you have a, I hope, a clear idea of what we're trying to build. There's a very mobile first trying to improve the standards of the industry benchmark, regulate a lot better, manage the skill that brought people in and industry. But do you ultimately think that this is, there's, there's a gap for this in the market right now, and this is something where you know relevant and well,

Kieran Murphy  56:49  
actually that that was going to be my closing pitch to you guys. There is a gap. But Is anybody in the market going to pay

Nicholas Folarin-Coker  56:58  
for it? That's what we need to find out. Yeah,

Kieran Murphy  57:01  
for example, if you look at all the big like, for example, me, I'm not paying for this because I have my own model. Yeah, I might pay for you guys to come in and do a one off, occasionally, presentation, something the brand co guys with Adidas and sketches, they're not going to pay for it because they have the Adidas and sketches training programme, and even if you look at personas with with those, they're not going to do it. And I know for fact, like, if you look at smart mark, they're not gonna pay for it, because they don't pay for things that they wouldn't do. They see a value in this. Would they pay for it? I don't know. Is there a Is there enough market, big enough market for people to actually want this? Because most retailing here is mom and pop stores. They've got one or two things are they going to pay for that? Are they do they have the retail mindset minutes? Okay, I'm going to train my staff because I'm expanding so that they can be promoted, succession planning. I can get better service. I don't know if that mentality is here in the retail environment. That would that, to me, is a question that you would need to really understand. Who is your customer, as much as you might put the great thing, and it might be perfect, blah, blah, blah. But do you have a customer base here for that, I don't know. Yeah, that's the only thing I would say,

Nicholas Folarin-Coker  58:26  
No, it's definitely something that we're still building on. Like,

Timilehin Tikolo  58:35  
we had a conversation goes elsewhere,

Nicholas Folarin-Coker  58:39  
and then they were a bit more like, Okay, if we want to open up a store in like South Africa or in Kenya, yeah, and it's training, we can kind of Port our ethos, values, SOPs, from where we are into another one. They were a bit more open to you make a very valid point, which is, if we look at the total addressable market in Nigeria, it is heavily comprised of mom and pop shops. Yeah, no, it's still something we need to ICP, yeah. Well,

Kieran Murphy  59:09  
the only thing is, you get a handful of mom and pop shops together, and you do training of this, of their senior managers, they come to you for training, and you're training some guy that has a shoe shop, some guy has a clothes shop, whatever, and you say, Okay, I'll train your managers. I don't know. I don't know, because the retail environment here doesn't isn't mirrored like it is anywhere in Kenya. You have everybody in the grandmother there. And I could see this programme working in Kenya, because I can name four or five local retailers that have 1015, stores. Yeah, they have a structure, and they do they want to have a an international retailing structure, training, blah, blah, blah, but here I don't see it. That's to me, would be the challenge?

Timilehin Tikolo  59:56  
Very valid. Thanks. Kieran,

Kieran Murphy  1:00:02  
well, let me get the Nike stuff for you. Let me put it together of what I have and.

