Let's see. Is it working? Is it working? Yeah, it's working. Hello, hello, hello. Okay, cool. So, this is just sort that noise has to write down we just have a conversation about what actually happens. So, can you explain to me in as much detail as possible and to enter to literally from the first thing and it's it's not just like what happens who send it who sends it to? Is it a salesperson is it CM is it Johnson? Is it Jike? So I what I want from you is the end to end ideally. Then I'll ask you some questions and then we can go into the edge cases that. Be very precise, right? to be. No, but you were saying like we now have this like screenshot because I didn't know about the screenshot. Okay, so usual requests, if it's% via WhatsApp, Do you have an example of what they send you?. I should do it properly, because. This is the only way that you build things that people actually, like, benefit from as opposed to now, you guys probably have more more work. I'm sure that as I do this, I will realise that you guys have more work.. This is an example. Okay, so they send you a request for invoice which is the name. email address, mobile, and the model.. But it's not the trim. So it's not. So it's not the colour. Now this should. I'm sure I asked that for colour later. Maybe I could I always ask them for colour. They should always. They should be giving the colour. But then sometimes they are like, customers are indecisive, that I can't. Okay, so let's leave col up. Yeah, you always like soary. Col is an optional thing to add to the PFI. See the salesp. It shouldn't be optional. Oh, it't people. Okay, so Okay, who is the highest ranking person who says that colour should be added? just with management and it makes it easy if colour is added, especially for PF in, you already know to reserve the. So, okay, explain. Okay, we'll come back to this colour thing. We'll come back to this thing. So they send you this message. Yes, yes, this name, address. Do they when they send you this, do they know the price? Yes. she indicate there's full price. Can you see? But then sometimes there's discounts they indicate to 2% discount, 3%. Okay, discount is between how much and how much? For different people have different. I know, but like across all of meanano motors, what is the lowest amount or what is the highest amount? million a million. It's chairman. No, but not chairman because as soon as you.. Okay, okay. Yeah, like let's go. Do you know what I mean? Okay, how many times? That's what I'm saying the ideal one. We have to start with. 7.5. Yeah. That's.. Because in a year, have you ever seen a 50 50X reduction? Probably not. No. It probably just got given away for free. Yeah. Which is probably not going to have a Pf in the first place. Yeah. So there's no point I talking about, yeah, okay cool. So So 7.5 to 10%. to 10%, okay. 7.5 is approable by who? Gurav. Only. Yeah. And Joel. Joel approves above. That's what I said. So 7.5 is a grab. G can do not approve above 7.5. Okay, no problem. That's fine. What you can. Cool. So, anyway, let's come back to this actual flow. So you got this message. And then what? Yeah, yeah, then I proursued. I just just proceed. Okay, so you can create this, the PF5 with these details and then. On ERP. On ERP. Why is it on ERP not in Google Shoot? First of all, she's just a sales question. If you okay, this is that she mentioned. For every management KFI, we always have to do an excel first. For every management PF. Why for every management PF5? So then they said it's faster. They didn't know that it's faster. They don't like the process of having to go on air. Okay, so wait, in management told you this? Sam, Joel, Grub. Okay, so basically if it's important, they're. Yeah. It is not important. So you would ask. Okay, so You don't use the EP initially, eventually. So you have Yeah, yeah, obviously you have to eventually, but that's the same for everyone. Everything has to eventually end up in the ear. Air. The point here is how much manual work needs to be done to do it. So, for example, like, at the end of the day, if you generate a P5 and it has a bank account and they send the money to the bank account and the car is paid for, yes, you need to put it in the ELP, but if it's not in the ELP, they're not going to give it a fuck of it. They're just going to say, well, we've got the money. You guys need to sort out the backend stuff, but we have what we want. We have sold a account. True. So do I'm trying to help you here. Because if I don't do this now and these guys come back in August, oh, fucked.'s the same in the cool centre as I say, there's a couple divisions that you guys just unfortunately become the test subject for any new idea. Right? Or we want them to use the ER here like this or we want them to use the phones like this. That's why I'm doing this now. You literally have even gone half halfway through July. Yeah, we don't have that much time. I don't know when these guys come back, but they do.. And I know that the cell people throw you under the bus, so I'm trying to actually see that this is the process. But but do you see, if you guys don't tell me, it's only if I bug you and say come and tell me that I find out. I just so you know. You might defence. Yeah, but Si I's not going to tell me because Siam also gets bugged. Yeah. So like, how much time does Sian have to explain it to me when people keep asking him 150,000 not to do with his? You can't wait for Si to say it. If you wait for Siam to say someone who has more time, the data team will find more work for you before I even knew that it was a problem. By that point, they've already got approval from someone above me and you have to do as they say. which then becomes, because what they will do is they will put you in between them and salespeople and then you will get shouted out. That's what I do. So then let me help you, but there's not lots of time. So that's how I'm being very like.. Okay, so you do this. If it is a management pay. Ex first. It takes well, it's Google Shoes. No. Okay. Yeah. So are you saying we're counselling Exhal 100%? Well, okay, Exhile on Google Sheet are the same thing. They're using you're editing a spreadsheet and you. No, I don't mean that version of an actual, actual XLP For the difference between the actual Excel You know, Google Sheets is just for record. But you also use this, no? Is this song? Yeah, yeah, yeah that's it. Did you find this on Google Sheet? Yeah. I mean, someone sent it to me and then I made a copy. On Google. It's the same thing. Google is an XL. Yeah, but usually we don't upload this one. We just upload upload the data on that shit. We don't upload this file. This one we print out an file, which is another anoint I really. It's I don't anything. Okay, wait, because otherwise we're not, we're not moving linearly. I' show you. Okay, He has so filed Yeah, I know that you, but when you're going to steps ahead. You got them. That's what I'm saying. This is the reason why you guys are fucked. I'm sorry. No one has the patience to ask you guys, okay, what do you mean? What do you mean? And they will give you something that isn't right. Let's start again. You get a message from a salesperson. Yes. You give you these details. What's the next step? Exhale. Before now, ER directly. That's for salesp boarding for management, exhes too. Okay, so if a salesperson comes to you now and they say, I need a PFI, you're not allowed to make a manual PFI for them because they're not management. You're not allowed. Okay, so actually what I'm making is actually a management PFI generator, because you're only allowed to do it for management. So, for example, where this was on the page where it says, cells executive, This can only say management is what you're saying. Yeah. If we're replacing it with this version. Well, no, I'm just looking at like what you're doing today, what you have told me is you're only allowed to have something that you print out and give when you do it manually. No. Pause. Since you say we can disturb you, if there's any way we can cancel that rubbish, I don't mind. No, but you guys have done this too late, bro. That one, that one. No, we don't say we have. You're asking me, you're asking me, having explained it only just today now, you are asking me to go up against an entire division Yes and you guys don't listen. So like, it's not going to happen. It's just not going to happen. Like, I'll be honest with you. I can help you with this and then we can see. But this is the reason. Because look how long how long you guys had to like not let an outside division dictate what you do. And like, it's too difficult now that they come in, you see them, they come in, they're speaking to the other people, they now have like approval approval to hire more people for the same thing. It's it's very difficult now. I actually don't know if it's possible. You guys. So yeah, we can replace with this version with this version, because this will be like killing two birds with one stone. By explaining to me why it's killing two birds with one star. I thought it's just one bird. It's just man PF. No, no, no, no. If I'm generating from here, I don't have to on the normal Google sheets right? You don't. That's what you said. That's what you said, because we have every. You don't have to do this, but right now you would still have to. And that's why I'm trying to figure out what the process is.. Yeah, you know the list one, the like 2025. I yeah, but if you explain it to me again if it's possible. But that's why this would have been possible like three months ago. No problem. Now? Now it's not. It's not. Because the person who is now getting to tell you guys what to do has approval for management to tell you what to do in the ERP. If if they really want to, they can just tell you, no. maybe, like, what they can do is they can say, how many management PFIs that they' in in a month five? Cool. If it's a management one, you need to do it quickly, you use that tool, but otherwise, nothing is changing. They can say that now. And I can't even be like, oh, because CM also can't be that old because. Well, you can't pitch it to them, Ray? Nope. You can't You won't it. Why? It was not playing. don't Because you don't understand what you're asking me to do. You just don't want to do the work If you knew what you was asking me to do you'd be like, ohh, fucked her, I should have said this No, that's it. I shouldn't. Do you not argue? Do you not argue with all of them? To the point of almost shouting, I've had I thought. You don't have gone and made yourself accessible to a group of people that, like, really. So now what's now going to be the point of this one that I created now? Well, and that's why I'm having this conversation with you because. I'm worried telling you the point of pitching is, but you say you don't want to pitch it. No, it's not I're pitching. It really help us if we now scrap exh because it's basically the same thing I can download this right. No, you don't download it. It's online.. Yes, you can download the P5 that it makes. Because if we're if you're only doing it for management PFIs, it only helps you very limited amount. Because what percentage of your PFIs are 100 PFIs? Like, if you get 100 PFs, how many are management But it's still something. It's still something, but it's not as all the same Because now they've already gone and said, if you guys were able to make a case to them, because everyone had been from the start, from when they did that demo training, everyone had been very communicated. Wait, wait, wait. Everyone had been very communicated. Everyone had got on to calls. Everyone had said what they didn't like. Everyone was instead of people not liking stuff and not talking, you would have enough of a relationship with them. Wait, wait, wait. To be able to say, look, I know that you want it in the ERP at the very end, but so that we can move quickly, how about we use this talk? And they would listen. But because they probably feel like you guys haven't really been that, like, easygoing with them. They'll just, like. It doesn't even give us access. Everyone like, nobody wants to talk to us. They want to talk to Sam. It was better. Did you miss Ralph? Ralph? Yeah. Yes, yes, it was better Ralph. Everyone's telling me that everything was better. Yes, because I woke up. I'll be honest with you guys. I'll be honest with you guys. You guys all say it was better with Ralph, but then when Ralph left then things went bad. No one did anything, and now we have this situation. I wouldn't mean. Even me.. Even me. I don't I don't think it was an artist. I'm telling you the truth. I'm I'm telling you the truth, but this is the issue. You say it's not your place, but you also have Si that people have spoken over beh heart. And then sales peopleople say it's not a better place. And then your case says it's not his place and Gv says is that. And do you know who gets fucked at the end? Everyone who's not management or close to management. you saying that is not your place and Joke saying is not. If she's okay, at his size when it's his place, he can shout at grove. I've seen it? You can't shout at grove. And then you're just stuck with Do you see what I mean? That's why I was saying earlier, I don't I actually don't know what's possible. I hope that they will listen. But like now, do you know what I mean? You're kind of starting from threats. Yes, they don't listen to you. But do you guys have CM to? And they listen to SiM. The fact that you haven't used that to be like, and then you guys knew that like the in between was me for a certain amount of time. Now I don't even to talk to them like that. So that's what I'm trying to say to you. Like the time has gone. I'm not even really in milism now. I'm not so in power. That's why you don't see me as much. So it's. It's a bit difficult now. Do you go to head office? Do you like there? I don't like that place too. The head office. But people are always watching me so like it doesn't matter what office I'm at like. That's why you know it. Like, you see me then see me. and then people will come here and I'll be in the here, I'll go for a walk because I hope I they just want to ask me to be done with things that like, they don't understand. But that is why. Do you look at the emok you've been speaking now? for 15 minutes for me. I haven't even done to enter anything. Do you really think anyone can make something useful for you? It's just not possible, but, like, you guys didn't realise that you was agreeing into something that wasn't well made for you. That that's the issue. I told them this, just you, I told them, I said, the Eop is slow, you know, when I told that Eopope is slow I pressure, they said, that's not true.'s I think says that you guys are in a different. I'm telling you how it is in that office. They said, that's not true. It works. There's no issue. Who said this? Okay. that there. But it doesn't matter. You' Europe has never been. No, but here's the thing. You saying this to me, not saying it to them, or let' not believe you. She's my laptop is the key to her. Do it back I' me. I hear, but unfortunately there is let me intere'm going to keep saying. It does not matter what you say. If if you are in bed with the people who don't believe what you say. It's the same with me. I told them, I I was like, "The guys aren't going this isn't gonna work because you're forcing people to use a tool that causes them problems. They said they don't care. They forced people in power to do it, they will force them to it. That's literally what they told me. And I tried to come to you, by the way, and then I was like, ah, I believe you this thing. And then they were they were endorsed by Joel. That's your real real issue, they'reforced by your world and endorsed by another new head of manager person. Who's that question?ubbish. Yeah, exactly. That's what I'm trying. But you could have avoided this. And now I'm not letting, I feel like I did what I'm not even trying to I feel like I did what I think was in my place to do. That was around to sc me, I don't used to keep comfortable. I don't know if his tight I really don't know. Because yes, we complained Anyways, continue. This place. I'm not saying this, but I just don't know. I'm trying to be honest with you. I'm not going to lie to you, right? I'm going to say that maybe you could have got 100% help before. Let's assume that you can only get 50% help before because I cannot go and tell someone who has got something working in another business and in that other business, they also send reports to Joel that now you guys don't want to because they'll just look at me and be like, who the fuck are you playing? And why did I not say this earlier? To which I can't say anything so be like, they didn't know. They didn't know. So they weren't listening during the training is what. Like I'm telling you how these conversations go. I obviously know not to bring you into that conversation because they won't be very nice. But I'm trying to tell you how the conversation about on why you feel this kind of like disconnect. At least like, for example, if you told me in the process, then we can have it. But this thing of like, you've had back and forth emails and no one has ever included me, you can't ask me to now go and continue off because they're just going to be like, why the change of half? Like, why are you involving yourself in our project? So do you know what I mean? You've shifted me out and now you guys don't like it, but I can't do anything. That's the issue. That's the issue. So I can.. Like, they're not going to make you a whole application. Well, I. They won't do it. They're going to tell you, do this on the ELP, maybe Prashant will do this other thing, in the meantime, sit tight and do exactly what we said. And if you don't do it, we have tracking because of the data are team. And I would not be surprised to assume there's a thing of how long it takes and they can see how long it takes to make these things. And why did it take 20 minutes to do this PF5? This was born? What's that programme. It's their problem, but when they come here with all of the other power of you on a day when Chairman is here, and Xg gets called to chairman's office, and Chm gets screwed, but it will come to you. Siammy is a very good manager. he will, but that's exactly what you know this. Hello? Good morning. I'm. Okay.. I'm I'm front. What to see.. Okay, is it, like, you have a question request. I' Okay, I'm coming out now. Okay. Why I'll. All right.. Thank you. What'd you say? I'll. Yes., okay, no worries. Okay, you Okay., Okay, cool. So.... All right. Um. Okay, so let's just do. So what you're telling me is we have two types of PFI. We have a PFI that is for management, and we have a PFI that is for a, yeah, for a salesesp. The PFI for management is what you're allowed to use the Yes, you're allowed to make the manual PFIs outside of the ERP for management ones and if you was to estimate what percentage of your PFIs in a month of for management, what would you say? Maybe like, 120 No, but like out of 100. So you're saying 20% of your pers are management. Or maybe more. Maybe more, because really drinks, they do a lot of PF. And you know management is like a lot of people, there's not just one person it's, it's, or even you, if you request for a pay for now, just like to do management. What's. Yeah. Okay, so it is it is still useful. There's a number of people that. Yeah, there's a number of me. Do you have a list of those management people? I found. This is I'm actually realising how they fucked you guys as well. I'll tell you what it is, because I'm asking you a bunch of questions that really you guys should have like this. And by not having them, that is how they manage to take you guys for you know this one thing about? Just so you know, just here, do you know, do you know that there was an ongoing issue because Gab didn't have the list of the full salespeople's names in the ERP. Then they were ignoring him. I don't know why he didn't ask you guys, but you guys didn't give it to him. Then he was asking him, child, that this was all just to get names, but I know, I know. that by doing that, they gained more power in this project. I can't tell you do, but I know that they gained yeah, don't let don't give them the information that you want them to have as quickly as possible moving forward. because every time that they have to not, this is what happens. I know, but to hear what I'm saying. Yeah, they didn't ask you because there's now a breakdown in communication. But what happens is they go to Johnson, Johnson will do whatever he wants, because he's the one that like governs it all. for every time that they meet Johnson, do something, he gets to say this is exactly, he gets to make the system. Do you see? That's why we're in this position now. Because how else did you have somebody? What I do we correct that if you don't You guys have to talk more? That's that like, you are the only you and Rita are the only person that do the actual thing. So if it doesn't start with you, it's definitely not going to improve. Do you know what I mean? It's like me saying, my leg hurts, but there's someone who's watching me. I okay, this one that I said, no, in this particular example, how am I supposed to talk when he didn't ask me for the names? You have to let it have you have to ask you do pride Some of these people just don't want to talk to us do I don't care what I am 100% in agreement of what you're saying. You're right. But that is you're the one that still gets fucked. Do you see what I'm saying? I don't know how to broke my stuff. No, but you can't. You need to not just complain and wait for Siana to fix it. You have to be a bit fright. So you have to be like, Sii, I asked for this thing, how did it go? How are we doing this thing? It's Friday. Guys, here are the issues that we've had with the new system. Why did you? Okay, but I've never seen her. Yeah, you. And I'm the only one that's built anything for you guys. So.. And then you don't even want to hear it from me. So do you see how it's... Because I hear what you're saying. But the issue, like I said, you don't grow up with all these bands, they can have a part of it because they themselves are like the leaders of their team. You've already said that they brought up speak to. You need to have a better relationship about this this relationship. Because Siira has a 100 things to do that he doesn't want to do. He's not going to like, now spend all this time continuously chasing him up if you ask one day and then the next day it seemed okay. That's the issue. And then if you also include. You also have an issue where, because you guys haven't been speaking and maybe someone might feel that you guys are relying on CN too much, since you first since they made this conversion of PFI to sell words, what CMV turn around and say? is that, okay, cool, or when you go to a country, you can talk to them. Do you see, again, out of my hands, and he can save that because it's been months, that's the issue. So I'm trying here, and I will at least give you the stuff that we can have a conversation with where everyone's looking at the same thing. But this thing of always pride, always is because that's what I'm trying to say, if I go and now I have to do the next three months in power, I promise you, three months of time, you guys will be, like, chained to the ERP and be staying late because now it's a thing where every month we need to do better than the last month and sales peopleople will say,Oh, we have done, we did an extra 30 PFIs, but the salespeople didn't, the sales admin didn't do it. That's how they're gonna. But you knew this. Yeah, that's why I started saying that. I'm like, you should have seen that I was trying to help you. You have to very, quickly identify who's trying to help you. I'm very quickly trying to help them and help you. Because in this company it a lot of people fight for themselves. And because you're sales department technically, like, you're ops, but your sales, you're in the worst position for assume that people are going to help you for a reason. So you can't do what you've been doing. Because unfortunately no one's role here is stable. I'm not saying that people are going to abuse their job. I mean, like, it changes too often. These guys will come back from holiday minutes now.. produces a PFI in two minutes. What are you going to do? If they turn around and say that and you want to say no and you don't have, here is my process, here is the friction point. Here is what we have tried already. Can you have a look at this? Here is a summary of it. In one second, I promise you, they'll go upstairs to grass. They will have another 10 ideas, and it will be on your head for the next five months. If I tell you the things that I've been asked to do, this isn't specific to you, like, I'm just trying to help you as where I can, because soon they'll say, " zero manual again. They'll go through a whole loop again, zeroero manual, everything eat. And then once it's everything eat up, there's nothing I can do, because the second I say I've made this thing this is like, you made something on the ERP, no, then we can't use it. And then I'm just like, okay, let me go and do other stuff that I need to do. Do you see where I'm coming from? Yeah. Yeah. Do you need to go for this thing and then we can continue afterwards? Let' Okay, you. Okay. Should I put my immediately now. Yeah, I mean, I'm just going to pause this. Otherwise, like, it's Thursday. Remember what I'm saying, like, what you don't know is if on Saturday they're having a training about what else to do give you guys. You guys don't have time. But you guys can keep doing like. Okay, I'll move back. All right. All right.